Hypervisor cleanup (#1173)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/hypervisor-integration.adoc

The `vsepc` register is widened to a capability.

The handling of <<vsepc_y>> is identical to <<sepc_y>>, but in when V=1 (i.e. applying to <<SRET_CHERI>>).

.Virtual supervisor exception program counter capability
include::img/vsepccreg.edn[]

[#vstidc,reftext="vstidc"]
=== Virtual Supervisor Thread Identifier Capability (vstidc)

> The <<vstidc>> register is used to identify the current software thread in VS-mode, substituting for <<stidc>>.

Reviewer: Maybe this one was trimmed a bit too much, might be worth calling out the v=1/0 behaviour since just substitute could be a bit ambiguous

Author: ```suggestion
The <<vstidc>> register is used to identify the current software thread in VS-mode.
When V=1, <<vstidc>> substitutes for the usual <<stidc>>, so instructions that normally read or modify <<stidc>> actually access <<vstidc>>instead. The contents of <<vstidc>>never directly affect the behavior of the machine.
```

Author: ok - I've taken the wording from VSSCRATCH to amke sure it's conformant.

The `vsepc` register is widened to a capability.

> The handling of <<vsepc_y>> is identical to <<sepc_y>>, but in when V=1 (i.e. applying to <<SRET_CHERI>>).

Reviewer 2: EGRAMMAR?

Author: fixed! thanks.

> The handling of <<vsepc_y>> is identical to <<sepc_y>>, but in when V=1 (i.e. applying to <<SRET_CHERI>>).

Author: ```suggestion
The handling of <<vsepc_y>> is identical to <<sepc_y>>, but is in use when V=1 (i.e. applying to <<SRET_CHERI>>).
```
